Content improvements (#354)
apple/swift-org-website: install/windows/index.md

Reviewer: The Scoop option is dropped. Intentionally?

Reviewer 2: cc: @shahmishal

- Visual Studio (provides the Visual C++ SDK/Build Tools for additional headers)

#### Enabling Developer Mode

In order to develop applications, particularly with the Swift Package Manager, you will need to enable developer mode. Please see Microsoft's [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/enable-your-device-for-development) for instructions for enabling developer mode.

> 

Reviewer: Why is this dropped? Developer mode is still required for SwiftPM. It could be mentioned later, but definitely worth the attention.

> ## Install using the Windows Package Manager

Reviewer: The title should be updated to indicate both WinGet and Scoop. Perhaps a general “Install using package manager”?

In fact I think it may be worth splitting these two because now they’re mostly independent.

Reviewer 3: @stevapple Would you be able to create a PR with suggested changes?

Reviewer: #385

- Visual Studio (provides the Visual C++ SDK/Build Tools for additional headers)

## Install using the Windows Package Manager

The [Windows Package Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/package-manager/) can be found in the [App Store](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/app-installer/9nblggh4nns1) or be [installed directly](ms-appinstaller:?source=https://aka.ms/getwinget).

0. Install required dependencies:

   The platform dependencies cannot be installed through the Windows Package Manager as the install rules do not install the components necessary.  They will be installed through Visual Studio installer.

>    ~~~ cmd

Reviewer: This part is updated in #361, please take a look.

Reviewer 2: I have brought these changes into the PR. Feel free to double-check that the merge conflicts were resolved correctly. 🙂

   ~~~ cmd
   pip install six
   ~~~
   
0. Install Swift:

>    Swift can be installed through the official installer directly, or using the Windows Package Manager as well.  Notice that Windows Package Manager release may be behind the official release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Swift can be installed through the official installer directly, or using supported package managers as well.  Notice that latest release from the supported package managers may lag behind the official release.
```

Because it is installing the files into the Visual Studio image, the files will need to be copied each time Visual Studio is updated.

> #### Repairing after Visual Studio Updates

Reviewer: This step is no longer necessary for Swift 5.9+, we can add it to the documentation.

If Visual Studio is updated, you may have to repair the installation.  See Microsoft's [instructions](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/repair-apps-and-programs-in-windows-10-e90eefe4-d0a2-7c1b-dd59-949a9030f317) for repairing installed programs.

## Code Signing on Windows

1. Install GPG from [GnuPG.org](https://gnupg.org/download/index.html)

1. If you are downloading Swift packages **for the first time**, import the PGP keys into your keyring:

>    ~~~ cmd

Reviewer: Is this really a CMD command? Looks like PowerShell. We should change the styling and guide the user to use the correct shell.

   $ gpg.exe --keyserver hkp://keyserver.ubuntu.com `
         --receive-keys `
         'A62A E125 BBBF BB96 A6E0  42EC 925C C1CC ED3D 1561' `
         '8A74 9566 2C3C D4AE 18D9  5637 FAF6 989E 1BC1 6FEA'
   ~~~

   or:

>    ~~~ cmd

Reviewer: Same here. This is **definitely** a PowerShell command that won’t work under CMD.
